---
layout: post
title: 2013
date: 2012-12-28
tag: life,Miscellaneous,Webdev
description: Looks like the world didn’t end after all. I’m disappointed. So what’s going to happen in 2013
author: Marco Monteiro
categories: [life,Miscellaneous,Webdev]
---

Looks like the world didn’t end after all. I’m disappointed. So what’s going to happen in 2013?

Hell if I know! I’m not sure what’s going to happen around me, so I most certainly don’t know what’s going to happen in the world.
<!--more-->
2012 ended up being good with a small turn in the end (but this wasn’t the only one). It was just a matter of time for this thing called the Economy come and bite me in the ass. I just left the company I was working for. So, starting in January 2013 I’ll be working fulltime as a freelancer.
Now, there’s good news and bad news.

**First the bad news.**

I never done anything like this before and things aren’t that good at the moment where I live (Portugal) so we’ll see how it goes.
Need to take care of those boring tasks attached with this life. Like sending invoices and whatnot. I hate that.
Then the good news.

**Working from home.**

Don’t need to put up with shit that only happens when you work for someone.
More time to blog (this can be a good thing if that means that I can manage my time properly, or a really bad thing if I’m doing it because I have too much free time).
Now the best thing is: I’m already fully booked with work for January and maybe a bit for February, and that’s going to be my plan for the moment. Live by the month and see how it goes. If I can work this out, I can start thinking about doing this in a more long term. If it doesn’t work, hell I’m a citizen of the world and I’ll get a job somewhere else.

For now, 2013, bring it on!