---
layout: post
title: Go social
date: 2013-09-17
tag: socialmedia,tips
description: Nowadays everything is about social networks. My question is, do you have your website prepared for all of that malarkey? Facebook released their open-graph. But is Facebook the only one
author: Marco Monteiro
categories: [socialmedia,tips]
---

Nowadays everything is about social networks. My question is, do you have your website prepared for all of that malarkey? Facebook released their open-graph. But is Facebook the only one with it? 
<!--more-->

For Facebook all you need to do it add all these meta tags into your header. That way, every time someone shares your links on facebook they will have a lot more info with it.

**image** 

	<meta property="og:image" content="http://blog.marcomonteiro.net/themes/default/img/facebooklogo.jpg"/>
	
It's best to use a square image, as Facebook displays them in that matter. That image should be at least 50x50 in any of the usually supported image forms (JPG, PNG, etc.)

**title**

	<meta property="og:title" content="Go social"/>

In most cases, this should be the article or page title.

**url**

<meta property="og:url" content="http://blog.marcomonteiro.net"/>

Familiarize yourself with the canonical LINK type if you aren't aware of its purpose -- it could help your SEO out greatly!

**site_name**

	<meta property="og:site_name" content="$blog++"/>

This is very useful as Facebook may have no way of knowing outside of this META tag.

**type**

Provides Facebook the type of website that you would like your website to be categorized by:

	<meta property="og:type" content="blog"/>
	
Read the [complete list of website types](http://developers.facebook.com/docs/opengraph/#types) to best categorize your website.

These are not the complete list of open-graph tags.

If you use twitter a lot, on the web or on a mobile app you have noticed that some of the links people share now have a description with it, or an image, sometimes even a video. Well that's because twitter has it's own tags for content. The main difference is that you have to apply for it. I guess that's because twitter want's to filter adult content.

You can test and create your tags [here](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/cards/validation/validator). And when you do so, you can add them to your website and request approval from them. It may take a couple of weeks to be approved (I'm still waiting actually).

Here's a example list of twitter tags:

  	<meta name="twitter:card" content="summary">
  	<meta name="twitter:site" content="@marcogmonteiro">
  	<meta name="twitter:title" content="Pixel density of 538ppi?">
  	<meta name="twitter:description" content="Full HD displays? Eat your heart out, handset manufacturers. LG Display has just laid claim to the world's first Quad HD (2,560 x 1,440) smartphone display, which also boasts the highest pixel density of a mobile device, clocking in at 538ppi.">
  	<meta name="twitter:creator" content="@marcogmonteiro">
 	<meta name="twitter:domain" content="blog.marcomonteiro.net">

So next time you think about going social on your website just remember: the Internet is more than just Facebook.